Improve run blockchain index - Closes #1442, #1262 (#1453)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/index.adoc

:url_integrate_txoffline: integrate-blockchain/create-tx-offline.adoc
:url_integrate_ui: integrate-blockchain/create-user-interface.adoc
:url_integrate_decoding: integrate-blockchain/decoding-transactions-blocks.adoc
:url_integrate_txs: integrate-blockchain/create-send-transactions.adoc

> The "Integrate Blockchain" category contains all the guides explaining how blockchain applications can be used and integrated into external applications and services of all kind.

Author: ```suggestion
The "Integrate Blockchain" category contains all the guides explaining how blockchain applications can be utilized and integrated into all types of external applications and services.
```
